---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-story/session-1/"}
---

A normal day at  [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/The Stones of Cassema\|The Stones of Cassema]] was interrupted by the presence of an unknown figure from [[Haven Cities & Towns/Haven\|Haven]] in roguish cloaks who claimed to have a letter for [[PCs/Orielle\|Orielle]]. The letter was from someone named [[Kriel Dirn\|Kriel Dirn]], and she shared the message with [[PCs/Caelum\|Caelum]]. It was a call to meet this mysterious figure for a potential job that was said to be of grave importance for all those living in Fanewick and Haven. Seeking his advice, he told her that she should go there, and he agreed to journey with her.

Upon arriving to Haven, it was his first time seeing the way the Serpent’s Sickness ravaged Haven. Stone statues were strewn randomly throughout the streets.  Caelum regarded the spectral visage of [[Gods & Faint Deities/Shun’Aush the Granite Ophid\|Shun’Aush the Granite Ophid]] that towered over the godless city, a reminder of the people’s triumph over a god. Immediately, there was a flash of white across his field of vision, and he was met with a searing pain. To shake off this uncomfortable feeling, he found some green space near the Veiled Hall and the Council Hall and waited for Orielle to ready herself.

While Orielle and Caelum were outside, the other adventurers joined them. In this small group, Caelum recognized the giant he met quite some time ago, Rizzha. There was a brief recognition between Koraxys and Willow. The rogue, Ash, stayed off to the side and simply watched the interactions.

After their meeting with Spymaster Kriel Dirn, the group headed to the Crooked Bell Tavern to discuss their plan of action. [[PCs/Ashkansi\|Ashkansi]] really wanted to see if alcohol had any effect on Caelum. It did not. While they determined which route to take to get to [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/Alula\|Alula]], Caelum sought out information from other patrons in the bar. He went up to one young half-elven woman with dark hair, brown eyes, and pale skin, and asked her if she knew anything about the Fanewraith. The girl appeared drunk, touching his face and arms with curiosity, but she did not tell him anything of the Fanewraith. Instead, she went on about Ribbets in [[Haven Cities & Towns/Seagloam\|Seagloam]]. Defeated he went back to the table, but when this same half-elven woman returned to his side, she tried to take something from Orielle. Upon failing to do so, she quickly left the establishment. Ash tried to follow her but failed to keep on her tail.

From a tip from the barkeep, the group headed to Essek’s Curious Curations to shop and glean information. [[Notable Figures/Haven NPCs/Essek\|Essek]] told them that a few travelers have come in and out of Alula, and from their brief conversations, he learned that Alula is a treetop village in Fanewick. However, with the Witherwild, he imagined the way to get there was likely treacherous. While the others shopped, buying some potions, Alastair’s Torch, and a Jar of Fire, Koraxys pulled Essek a bit to the side and asked some questions about magic. Essek told her to practice and not be afraid of her power.

When they left the city, they stopped at [[Haven Cities & Towns/Keener’s Pike\|Keener’s Pike]] to visit an old friend of Rizzha. Thulmir gave them a fresh meal and shared that the group should be cautious when dealing with Kriel because he is not well liked. He also warned that he’s heard the Fanewraith is dangerous.

After this, the group returned to the Stones of Cassema, and [[Aenwyn\|Aenwyn]] told Ori and Caelum they are responsible for the group they’re bringing into the home. Luckily, the day ended without any trouble, and the group got a long rest. During the night, Caleum was left to wrestle with the instance of pain he felt when he stared up at the Granite Ophid in Haven. Questions of what it meant are as elusive as those he has of his past life and the current one.

Come morning, they headed down a smaller cliffside in the direction of Alula. This proved to be more difficult than anticipated, and the group all took some stress from it. Their attempt to stealth through the woods was ended early by a pack of wolves, larger and more ferocious from the Witherwild. They defeated the wolves and ran from the giant mosquitos that gathered from the smell of blood.