---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-story/session-5/"}
---


The group decided to split up and get some errands done before heading out to find [[Cirelle\|Cirelle]]. First out of the room was [[PCs/Rizzha\|Rizzha]] with Briar. She noticed a familiar looking cloaked figure at the bar. It reminded her of the same figure from their time in [[Haven Cities & Towns/Beacon Pass\|Beacon Pass]], and when the human caught wind that someone may have noticed him, he nonchalantly stood and left the Copper Cask. Rizzha and Briar tailed him, and [[PCs/Ashkansi\|Ashkansi]] joined but followed on rooftops. 

While Ash was jumping from roof to roof, she landed on a piece of wood that was dilapidated and weak, breaking the wood and getting her foot caught. It took her a moment to recover, causing her to lose sight of their target. Rizzha sent Briar ahead at a quicker pace, and they managed to stay decently behind but, not before he slipped into one of the nearby buildings; however, Briar had his scent. Her hound was able to track him to the Oxblood Mug in a storage room in the rear of the establishment. Cornered, the man held up a dagger and demanded that Briar be sent out of the room before he talked. Rizzha acquiesced and Briar stood outside the room. The cloaked human told Rizzha that he was looking for a woman with big, auburn hair and golden eyes who could possibly be with a group. He didn’t know much about the group, however, only that there may be five or six of them. Fed up with him not giving enough in his answers to Rizzha’s liking, she grabbed him by the neck and hoisted him up. At this point, Ash entered the doorway. Rizzha asked him why he didn’t like Cirelle, and he said it wasn’t about him but, rather, it was about Casimir. Ash asked him if he was here alone, and when he said yes, she decided to end his life. She shadow stepped around Rizzha and slit his throat. Annoyed that Ash did this and stopped them from obtaining any more information, Rizzha and Briar left the tavern while Ash hid the body in an ale barrel.

[[PCs/Orielle\|Orielle]] went to sell some items at Harlvick’s Curios & Salvage. She sold old equipment, bought some potions, and was intrigued by the corrupted items behind the counter. The shopkeep seemed eager to get rid of the items, only stating that they are corrupted by the Witherwild, needed to be handled carefully, and knew nothing of the actual curse itself. Ori told him she would probably return later with friends.

[[PCs/Koraxys\|Koraxys]] spent some time at the Hallowed Hall, a decrepit temple that serves the Faint Deities. Having prayed to [[Gods & Faint Deities/Oove\|Oove]] in Moonveil, she decided to pray to Oove once more. She took a withering flower from the alter. Then she prayed to [[Gods & Faint Deities/Qui’Gar\|Qui’Gar]] to try and absolve herself and her group, but unlike Oove, she did not feel any presence of Qui’Gar. The shady, old priest offered if she was looking for information on the “Mortal Plain,” he could help her. Koraxys declined and headed back to the room.

While all of this was happening, [[PCs/Caelum\|Caelum]] used his time to find a spot overlooking the flower fields and forest and reflect on the events of the past days. He meditated on the vision with the unknown woman, the voice that spoke through him, and the feeling from activating the staff. It was a restless meditation.

They all met up at the Copper Cask and got an extra room, which they all used to discuss what they’ve been up to. Rizzha and Ash told them that they dealt with the man from the Reapers. Caelum told everyone about the information he’d been hiding, and everyone accepted him. Ori gave him a rock that he fashioned onto his staff, Ash gave him a handful of gold, and Koraxys gave him a petal from the flower she took from the alter, which Caelum made bloom.

[[PCs/Willow\|Willow]], Koraxys, and Ori went back to Harlvick’s and bought both the corrupted sword and doll. When Willow saw the doll, she was struck with the realization that it very well could be her sister [[Thistle\|Thistle]]’s doll.  The doll was of mainly yarn material with blue braided pigtails, a pink dress with the letter “T” embroidered, and yellow shoes.They placed both items in the chest of holding and left.

Once they were bedding down for their long rest, Koraxys took out the doll and tried to mentally connect with it. The vines began to grow down her arm and towed her head as she brought it up to her ear to listen to it. There was a chill covering her entire hand that held the doll. Eventually, she head a young girl’s faint screams. The vines began to grow and reach out toward a sleeping Willow, and then Koraxys heard a little girl call out to Willow. She put the doll back in the chest of holding and went to sleep, cuddling against Briar.

In the morning, the group left and headed out along the river toward [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/God’s Nest\|God’s Nest]]. The travel was luckily easy, in part due to Koraxys worshipping Oove again, and they were able to cross the river without incident thanks to Caelum using his beastform. They avoided meeting any of the tall figures, likely giants, that were on that side of the river.

As they move through the more heavily wooded area toward God’s Nest, they come across corpses that were mutilated both by Witherwild and some sort of experimentation, signified by the metal pieces throughout the various bodies. Koraxys made a death connection with the giant corpse, which notably had metal pieces and a sewn on Drakona tail, and she had a vision through the giant’s eyes. The giant was in an underground hold of some kind and was brought into a large chamber. In the center was a massive insectoid, and the tables around the room were covered in tools, blood, and ichor. There was an immense flash of fear before Koraxys left the memory. Caleum had never heard of this type of insect, which was called “Mother” in the memory, but Rizzha heard a few rumors about mutilated bodies before she left her clan. There was talk about a possible cult doing these experiments, but at the time, there wasn’t much information about them.

The group spent the next two days getting through thicker foliage toward God’s Nest, making it in great time to find Cirelle. They are on the last day of the night cycle.