---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-story/session-2/"}
---

The party decided to take a short rest after their encounter with the wolves and giant mosquitos. During this time, [[PCs/Koraxys\|Koraxys]] told the group about her family’s past and the death of her brother. After healing up, they continued on their trek to [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/Alula\|Alula]] with no issues as Caelum took the helm. Getting closer to their destination, [[PCs/Caelum\|Caelum]] and Koraxys noticed an iridescent glow emitting amongst the treetops. Caelum scouted ahead in beastform to investigate only seeing the lights getting brighter.

Half the group moved onward and the other half stayed in the tree line, and as they approached Alula, they were met with bowed rangers aimed down at them. The Lamplight was above them emitting a blue glow all around the area, and the Witherwild seemed to be nonexistent in this space. A figure — the Fanewraith — approached the group and ordered the others hiding should come out. When the group was together, she offered them either a chat or a storm of arrows. The party opted for a talk with [[Cirelle\|Cirelle]], the Fanewraith.

Cirelle told them of her past with her Druid circle, her move to [[Haven Cities & Towns/Haven\|Haven]], and working for [[Kriel Dirn\|Kriel Dirn]]. She informed them that she was opposed to [[Notable Figures/Haven NPCs/Archmage Phylax\|Archmage Phylax]]’s plan to steal the Reaping Eye, and when she fought with Kriel about it, he, too, agreed with her but did not stop the plan that was set in motion. Fed up, Cirelle left him and tried to warn all those she could in Fanewick. She went to Alula and quickly came into a leadership role with her knowledge of both Fanewick and Haven, creating a network not so unlike Kriel’s. Cirelle told the party that she planned on stealing the Sowing Eye to have a bargaining chip to get Phylax to give up the Repaing Eye. When the party asked why she didn’t just take the Reaping Eye from, she told them it’s locked away tight somewhere in Haven under Phylax and [[Notable Figures/Haven NPCs/Emperor Niclis Ilineiros\|Emperor Niclis Ilineiros]]’s nose; she needed the bargaining chip so they would listen to her. Allowing the group time to think, she let them be her guests in Alula while here and told them she would give them rooms if they wanted to spend the night.

When everyone else left, she asked [[PCs/Ashkansi\|Ashkansi]] to stay back. She questioned how many time she worked for Kriel, which Ash said only a few but held back giving much of an answer. Cirelle told her she knew the kind that Kriel hired, given that she was one of them, and said she would have an eye on her. Additionally, she asked how close she was to Koraxys, indicating that there might be a Fungril in the Moonveil that Koraxys should meet.

Ash and Koraxys went to the Moonveil, which was a monastery to the Faint Deity, [[Faint Deities/Oove\|Oove]]. While Ash prayed, she was also listening in on Koraxys’s conversation with [[Brennok\|Brennok]], the Fungril High Priest. Koraxys thought he may know of her family, but when he told her he didn’t know of them, he said if Cirelle wanted her to come here she must be a lost soul. She told him she did, in fact, feel lost and scared of her close ties to death and untrained use of magic resulting in deadly outcomes. Brennok told her that as a Fungril they have innate connection to nature and death, and she should not fear it. He told her that she should meditate and not run away from it, even if it’s painful. If she ever feels lost or afraid, she can look to hope and have faith.

[[PCs/Willow\|Willow]] and [[PCs/Rizzha\|Rizzha]] shopped at two local stores, buying two Empty Chests, one that could immense weight and the other that made object invisible, and an Arcane Cloak.

[[PCs/Orielle\|Orielle]] and Caelum went to a tavern and found [[Talia\|Talia]], the drunken half-elf from Haven that tried to steal information from them. She was shaken to see them there, and told them she apologized for snooping on them but was just doing her job for Cirelle to learn information about who Kriel was hiring. 

Before they left, Caelum talked to another clank named [[Shari\|Shari]]. She told him about the [[Creation of Clanks/Consecration of Vessels\|Consecration of Vessels]], but Caelum said he never went through that to his recollection. He does not have a Vesselwarden, Veilbinder, or Animarch, and he does not have any past memories. Shocked to hear this, Shari offered to bring over her Animarch named [[Atish\|Atish]]. This Druid Animarch came over and examined Caelum’s runes, but he did not recognize them. Opening Caelum’s chest cavity, there was no indicator of an Animarch — only a charred internal frame. What Atish said was even more odd was that Caelum’s soul orb was light, bright blue, almost white, instead of green like all other Clanks from the Consecration. Caelum’s usual happy-go-lucky demeanor dropped from all this information. All Atish could offer as advice was to look for other Druids on their travels that may know more.

The group reconvened and went to one of the rooms prepared for them by Cirelle. They shared what everyone learned and bought, and in the middle of this, there was a knock at the door. Cirelle wanted to speak with Willow. Once outside, she asked the faerie why she looked so familiar and if she knew the Blackwood family. Willow tried to skirt the question, stating they were distant relatives but were all dead anyway. With a knowing grin and chuckle, Cirelle wondered how Willow could be sure and offered to put out her own eyes and ears, presumably at no cost, which Willow accepted.

When Willow returned to the room, the party decided their best plan of action would be to go along with Cirelle and participate in whatever she had planned — for now.

