---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-story/session-3/"}
---


The group left their rooms to find [[Cirelle\|Cirelle]] in her office. They informed her that they will help her take [[Gods & Faint Deities/Great Owl Nikta\|Great Owl Nikta]]’s Sowing Eye. She tells them that they need to go to an abandoned Druid camp and find a staff with runes and a white crystal on top. Years ago, when she originally found out about the plot to take Nikta’s eye, Cirelle had this staff commissioned as a failsafe, and she told them that this is still her last ditch effort to set things right. Due to eyes on her and her people from the [[Reapers of Nikta/Reapers of Nikta\|Reapers of Nikta]], she can’t risk going to get the staff herself. When they’re on their way out, Cirelle sends a group of her own men, too, as a distraction just in case the Reapers are watching. Cirelle will meet the group at the [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/Stolen Fen\|Stolen Fen]] in five days.

Upon leaving, they believe they snuck off well enough. [[PCs/Willow\|Willow]] knows of the Reapers, and she informs the group about them as they travel through the woods. Passing back through a familiar path, they attempted to sneak by the skeleton dredges that formed from the wolf corpses and giant rats that came, but they weren’t stealthy enough. Luckily, they were able to run fast enough to where the skeleton dredge could not keep up.

When came back to the [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/The Stones of Cassema\|The Stones of Cassema]], [[PCs/Orielle\|Orielle]] told the group that she would prefer if they kept moving because she did not want to involve them at all, especially after learning Reapers could be involved. They kept pushing on and approached the area by the Stolen Fen. A guard called them forward and told them they were investigating a murder of a goblin. Luckily before their approach, [[PCs/Koraxys\|Koraxys]] disguised herself as a giant, so when they other goblin that worked at the stables came to identify possible suspects, Koraxys was safe. Unfortunately, the goblin believed it could be [[PCs/Ashkansi\|Ashkansi]] that was part of the murder. When the guards came to restrain Ash, she managed to stab the head guard, causing a battle to ensue. The group managed to swiftly handle the guards and goblin, leaving no witnesses but a path of blood behind them.

Instead of heading through the river, the group chose to take the longer route back to [[Haven Cities & Towns/Beacon Pass\|Beacon Pass]]. They spent the night there. Before heading off to bed, [[PCs/Rizzha\|Rizzha]] spent some time listening in at the tavern for any conversation about the Fanewraith, Reapers or Druid camp. What she did hear was a few people talking about the day the Carnivorous Divide was going to be set on fire was coming up soon, and they hoped that the Fanewraith’s people would not give them any trouble. There was no talk about the abandoned Druid camp. However, Rizzha did take note of a figure that seemed to be watching her at the bar. They were quite plain, someone who could be easily overlooked, but she was perceptive enough to notice. It could be one of Cirelle’s people or a Reaper. She did not engage and instead, headed to bed.

[[PCs/Caelum\|Caelum]], Ash, and Willow all spent time researching and finding materials to craft potions and poisons before going to bed.

There of the group had troubling dreams. Koraxys was plagued with the actions she has recently taken, seeing the dead bodies and feelings of fear, rage, and regret. Ori had terrible dreams of her past group where she was the sole survivor. Having to fight and protect this group ignited something in her, and her dream brought her back to recognizing the importance of using her strength and rage to protect those under her care. At the end of those flashes of her fallen brethren, she remembered the Skeleton Key that Samuel gave her, and in the distance saw the image of a boar that ran off into the woods. Perhaps the most troubling dream came from Caelum, a clank that did not even believe he was able to dream. He saw images of guards rushing toward him, attacking and slashing relentlessly, and he felt the pain of those blows and the fear that accompanied it. By the end, he saw a group of hooded figures approaching before he woke up. 
