---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/session-story/session-4/"}
---

The group woke in [[Haven Cities & Towns/Beacon Pass\|Beacon Pass]], and [[PCs/Ashkansi\|Ashkansi]] went to find the black market, known as The Bone Market; however, her plan was to steal from the market rather than purchase anything. As a trained thief and rogue, she easily followed the etched marking of an eye and Infernis tail to find the black market. Knowing that the barricade on the door and window was an illusion, she slipped through the window with ease. Once inside, she found some new equipment, but in the process, knocked over a crate. The owner, a purple skinned Infernis was striking red eyes, greeted Ash with surprising grace. He told her that if she picked up a package for him from a fungril named Zerrin in [[Cordycep Cove\|Cordycep Cove]], then she could keep whatever goods she found in his storage. To acquire the unspecified package, he was to tell Zerrin she was picking up for Drezza. Ash agreed on one condition: he give her an item from the [[Kelador Family\|Kelador Family]].  He said he would do so upon her return and gave her a two week deadline, stating that should she not return, he’s seen her face.

When Ash returned, the group headed out on their journey, leaving in pairs to not draw attention through the [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/Carnivorous Divide\|Carnivorous Divide]], which was being prepared to be set aflame. Once in the forest, the group had trouble finding their way to the abandoned Druid grove that [[Cirelle\|Cirelle]] pointed out on their map. They managed to swiftly avoid an encounter with glass snakes and flickerflies.

After three days of traveling and now officially being in the week of night, they reached the druid grove. There were stone pillars marked with runes that were not lit, but they resembled the runes found on [[PCs/Caelum\|Caelum]]. Additionally, around the space were statues of owls and snakes. Caelum and [[PCs/Willow\|Willow]] approached the stone chest at the far end of the Druid grove. The chest had an unusual lock on it and runes on the lid. Caelum swiped to remove dust, leaves, and dirt, and as he touched the lid, he was transported into a vision; however, to everyone else, this only lasted a brief moment before a fight against grove protectors ensued.

In the vision, Caelum walked out of the woods toward stone arches lit with runes. As he approached, a woman with deep skin and light — almost white — freckles, golden eyes, and wild dark hair with two white streaks, and offered out her hand. Caelum accepted her hand to walk with her, and when she said that she was glad to see her old friend, Caelum went to ask who she is and what she means. But, when he went to speak, a different voice replied that was separate entirely from Caelum. It said that he wished they were meeting under different circumstances, and he informed this woman that he cannot see exactly what this group is planning to do, which is frustrating for him. She told him she understood his frustration and that even this act of meeting took much power from her. This woman told him a piece of him is still out in the world somewhere. Ending their conversation, she said they would meet again soon.

After the battle and finding improved items, the group found the staff that Cirelle requested. The runes of the staff were not lit. Their way back was much easier, only taking a day and a half, and they reached the [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/Stolen Fen\|Stolen Fen]] just in time. They met Cirelle at The Copper Cask. She brought them back to her room, and when they presented her with the staff, she told them that she knew they were brought into her path for a reason, particularly Caelum. She held the staff out in front of him and told him to put his hands over it and repeat after her. The words she spoke were in a celestial language, which no one understood, but to Caelum’s shock, he could comprehend the meaning. It translated to the following: To give and take in equal parts. Once he spoke the words, the runes lit up brightly, and Caelum felt an uncomfortable pull toward the staff, and when Cirelle took it, the feeling dissipated. 

Cirelle asked them to continue to help her. She needed them to help directly with taking Nikta’s eye. The staff would make it possible, but she needed their help in case things turned sour and a distraction was necessary. She refused to help them with the Serpent’s Sickness until they helped her. Upon their agreement and set schedule of meeting her at the [[Fanewick Cities & Towns/God’s Nest\|God’s Nest]] in a week, she put the staff on her back, turned into a bird, and flew out of the window.