---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/haven-cities-and-towns/castle-blackwood/"}
---


Before and during the invasion of Fanewick, Castle Blackwood was a part of a sprawling network of trade that reached along the [[Haven Cities & Towns/Serpent’s Spine\|Serpent’s Spine]] back through [[Haven Cities & Towns/Haven\|Haven]] and [[Haven Cities & Towns/Beacon Pass\|Beacon Pass]]. With tensions high amongst Havenites and Wicklings, the Blackwood family seized a unique opportunity to expand their trade and delved into black market items. Hidden inside this castle is an illegal trade of enchanted weaponry that goes to the highest bidders, no matter Havenite or Wickling. 

This extremely large castle was once filled with an opulent air, rich decor, and spotless rooms and halls thanks to busy staff; however, after the entire Blackwood family succumbed to the Serpent’s Sickness, the interior has been left to collect dust. Statues of the family are now the ghastly decorations to encounter throughout the abode. No longer do the sounds of the workshops and studies reverberate in halls. The patter of children’s footsteps down the stairs has ceased. The only member of the Blackwood family that was untouched by the sickness was [[PCs/Willow\|Willow]], and she refused to continue her family’s shady business. Instead, she began traveling through Haven and some parts of Fanewick to research the Lady’s Veil. Thus, since the fall of the Blackwoods,  their castle lies dormant just past the [[Haven Cities & Towns/Tailspine Crags\|Tailspine Crags]] and trade routes to it are no longer traveled.